GraphQL Code Generator with React Query (#842)
nhost/nhost: examples/codegen-react-query/README.md

> # GraphQL Code Generator Example Repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# GraphQL Code Generator Example with React and React Query
```

This is an example repo for how to use GraphQL Code Generator together with:

- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [React Query](https://react-query-v3.tanstack.com/)
- [Nhost](http://nhost.io/)

## Get Started

### Run npm Packages in Dev Mode

In the root of the `nhost/nhost` monorepo:

Install dependencies with `pnpm`:

> > It's important that you're using `pnpm` because our repo are using [PNPM Workspaces](https://pnpm.io/workspaces).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It's important that you're using `pnpm` because our repo is using [PNPM Workspaces](https://pnpm.io/workspaces).
```

```
pnpm install
```

```
pnpm run dev
```

> All other commands should run inside this example.

Reviewer: May be confusing, want us to mention the folder:

```suggestion
The following commands should be run inside this folder.
```
